Team4 mini-reports


2022/09/23

What was done this week?
This week our group started building the groundwork for our subsystem, i. e. we discussed what exactly we will be making and
what kind of programming tools we will be using, after which began composing a requirements specification document. The work
was divided correspondingly within the team, and a rough draft was prepared, which will be uploaded at late Thursday.

What issues/risks/blockers do you have?
At the moment, our main issue is lack of sense of direction, we find it difficult to determine the first steps in this project,
since none of us have any similar experience. Another obstacle is time management, this week we pushed our tasks to the end of
the work week, which meant little time was spent reflecting on the task. Furthermore, we noticed that quite a number of students
from other teams were still missing from our project group in Teams, meaning there was little communication between teams 1, 3
and 5.

What is the goal for next week?
Next week we plan on preparing a polished version of the requirements specification document and proceeding to the next
task. Hopefully, we can also add everyone to the Teams group and get atleast a rough estimate what we will be
receiving from team 3 and what team 5 expects from us.

What is the overall status?
GREEN.


2022/09/30

What was done this week?
This week we made some improvements in our requirements specification document. We remade it according to the LaTex template,
fixed some flaws and improved the implementation plan. Together with other groups we agreed on using Java.

What issues/risks/blockers do you have?
We had issues working with latex, we couldn't get it to work at all, which means we remade the document with the pdf file of
the template. We are also unsure how to divide the work of area 3 between the groups.

What is the goal for next week?
Our main goals will be improving the implementation plan and finishing the requirements specification document.

What is the overall status?
GREEN.
